feat: add setup wizard (#165)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: setup_wizard.rst

.. _port_9090-section:

Step 3: Web interface access on TCP port 9090
=============================================

Configure access parameters for the web user interface, which operates on port 9090.

Default configuration
---------------------

By default, web interface access is enabled from the LAN, allowing administrative management from within the trusted local network.

Settings
--------

You can choose from the following access options for WAN connectivity:

- **Disabled** (recommended): this option disables web interface access from the WAN, preventing exposure to external threats.
- **Enabled**: full access to the web interface is permitted from any WAN source. This mode should only be used in secure environments or when necessary for remote management, and must be protected with strong credentials
- **Limited**: web interface access from WAN is restricted to specified IP addresses or networks. You have to define one or more of the following:
  
  - IP address
  - CIDR-formatted networks (e.g., 192.168.1.0/24)
  - IP address ranges (e.g., 203.0.113.10-203.0.113.20)

> 

Reviewer: ```
If you selected the Limited option, at the end of the wizard you will find the IP addresses you configured under  the section:  Firewall -> Rules -> Input rules.

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you selected the Limited option, at the end of the wizard you will find the IP addresses you configured under  the section:  Firewall -> Rules -> Input rules.
```

.. _port_443-section:

Step 4: Web interface and WAN access on TCP port 443
====================================================

Set up access controls for the web interface and WAN connections on port 443.

> - **Web interface service on TCP port 443**: this option controls if the web interface service on port 443 is disabled (recommended) or enabled. By default, the web interface is accessible on port 9090. If this option is enabled, the web interface will be accessible on port 443.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **Web interface service on TCP port 443**: By default, the firewall's web interface is available on TCP port 9090. Enabling this option also makes it accessible on TCP port 443. It is recommended to keep this additional access disabled and always use TCP port 9090 to access the web UI.
```
